h1. About

This is a template for Rails applications.

h2. Current Version

Rails 3.2.8

h1. Installation

<pre><code>git clone git@github.com:lucascaton/rails_templates.git ~/.rails_templates
echo "alias rails_new='rails new $1 --skip-bundle --skip-test-unit -f postgresql -m ~/.rails_templates/default.rb'" >> ~/.bash_profile</code></pre>

h1. Usage

You can use the default settings:

<pre><code>rails_new project_name # default database: postgresql</code></pre>

Or you can choose your options:

<pre><code>rails_new project_name -d mysql # check all options using `rails new --help`</code></pre>

h1. Contributing to Lucas Caton

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Lucas Caton

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
